[DOCS] Add info about mutagen global enable option, fixes #3821 (#3822)
drud/ddev: docs/users/performance.md

Note that the nfs-mount-enabled feature is automatically turned off if you're using mutagen.

> You can run mutagen on all your projects, there's no limit. To configure it globally, `ddev config global --mutagen-enabled`.
> > You can not disable mutagen for a specific project if it's enabled globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run mutagen on all your projects, there's no limit. To configure it globally, `ddev config global --mutagen-enabled`, but you cannot disable mutagen on individual projects if it's enabled globally (the global configuration wins).
```
